#CSP-17

Pros:
1) Sprints and other short development cycles allow to deploy new features and bug fixes quickly, because there is no long wait for the end of a long non-agile project.
2) There is a high flexibility and adaptability because teams can change their projects scope and the specifications mid-way.
Cons:
1) There are a lost of very frequent meetings and non-stop team commitment and collaboration that requires a lot of time commitment for the developer especially in the age of AI when the requirements for the amount of work are increasing faster then the productivity of the developer.
2) It is harder for the team managers and operations to estimate the final costs and final timelines because as was mentioned in the pros the scope can change drastically and quickly so it is hard to adjust the budgets and planning that quickly to get the right resource allocation for the project.

#CSP-18
Mainly the product owner is expected to maximize product value and focus on the product vision and what gets the priority and what gets actually developed and what doesn't get built, while the scrum master put their focus on the process and the way the team works together and the way they build their product. Product owner defines the vision, talks to the stakeholders and provides feedback for the final work, while scrum master removes blockers and mentors the team helping them to stay focused and high-performing.

#CSP-19
3 types of meetings:
1) Spring planning, which is the meeting at the start of the sprint that defines the goals that needs to be accomplish and the tasks from the product backlog that are needed to be included in this sprint.
2) Daily Standup, which is a daily sync with the primarly goal to adjust the workflow by discussing everyone's daily progress and to identify any blockers or distractions that team faces so that the plan for the upcoming day's work can be adjust or prioritized in the different way.
3) Sprint review, which is the meeting at the end of the sprint whose goal is to review the completed work by showcasing the working features or bug fixes to the product owner and to collect the feedback from them to adjust the product backlog and adjust the way team works and develops its features in the future.

#CSP-20
Epic is large and usually multi-spring work which acts as a big goal or a big project which sits at the top level of the tasks hierarchy.

Story is usually a single spring medium size work that focuses on the user-focused feature or bringing a value to the project stakeholder which sits under specific epic.

Task is also usually a single sprint medium size work whose purpose is to describe the desired technical work whose parent is also a specific Epic. It describes the actual background work that needs to be done to provide the user-faced value which can be potentially described in the story while task is not a child of it but rather a sibling.

Bug's size and duration can vary based on its technical complexity and it usually indicates the area of work that needs to be done to fix an error or immediate low-quality of the feature. It can vary in terms of its parent as it can be sitting standalone like epics do.
